The universe began from a tremendous explosion at some moment, known as the Big Bang. The Big Bang, or the big explosion, is thought to have occurred about 13.7 billion years ago. Since then, the universe has been expanding continuously, resulting in the creation of various galaxies. There are hundreds of billions of galaxies in the universe, and our galaxy is made up of 200 billion stars. One of those stars is the sun, and the earth is a small planet orbiting around this star.

Since the Earth rotates, cities with similar latitudes can see similar night skies. Seoul is located at a latitude of 37 degrees north. Cities such as Lisbon, Madrid, Athens, Beijing, California, and Washington DC are situated at similar latitudes, so you can see a night sky similar to that of Seoul from these places.

In the sky, there is only the very bright sun. But in fact, stars are also in the sky. Many people think that stars are not visible because of the bright sunlight. The truth is, stars are not visible because the sunlight is scattered and dispersed through the earth's atmosphere.

Let's make the atmosphere disappear for a moment. Can you see the stars in the sky? During the day, the stars are indeed in the sky, they just can't be seen.

As another day quickly comes to an end, the sun quietly sets towards the west. The sky slowly fills with beautiful colored stars. Now it looks like countless stars are scattered across the sky, as if someone threw silver powder.

The representative constellations of autumn have largely been passed down through mythology, with most of the stories originating from the kingdom of Ethiopia in Africa since ancient times.

Look for a constellation in the shape of a W or M in the night sky.

This is Cassiopeia, the queen of the Ethiopian kingdom.

There are five bright stars in the Cassiopeia constellation, with each having a name; Caph, Sader, Shy, Ruchbah, and Segin.

Cassiopeia also had a pet that she was raising.

It's the owl near Cassiopeia's knee. Due to the two bright stars corresponding to its eyes, it is often referred to as the Owl Nebula.

Next to Cassiopeia is an irregular pentagon-shaped constellation - King Cepheus of the Ethiopian kingdom.

In the Cepheus constellation, there's Cepheus Mu, one of the most visible red stars in the night sky.

Between King Cepheus and Queen Cassiopeia was a beautiful daughter, Princess Andromeda. The constellation Andromeda can be found by looking south from the constellation where the king and queen reside.

And there's a familiar galaxy in the constellation Andromeda.

It's located in Andromeda's waist area and is called the Andromeda Galaxy. It may look like hazy cotton candy, but it's actually five times the visible size of a full moon.

Queen Cassiopeia boasted to everyone about the beauty of Andromeda. However, when she claimed that Andromeda was even more beautiful than the sea nymphs, the sea god Poseidon became aware of this. As a result of Poseidon's anger, a great flood occurred in Ethiopia, and in order to appease Poseidon's wrath, Princess Andromeda was ultimately sacrificed on a seaside cliff.

A large monster whale is approaching from the bottom, all set to devour the sacrificed Princess Andromeda. That's the constellation Whale.

At that point, a hero appears. It's the hero Perseus, flying back home on Pegasus, a winged horse.

Perseus had just overpowered the monster Medusa, whose hair was snakes and who could turn one to stone upon locking eyes with her.

Pegasus, the horse he was riding, was born from Medusa's blood.

When you look closely at Pegasus, there are four bright stars, Alpheratz, Scheat, Algenib, and Markab. If you join these four stars, a huge square is formed, which is referred to as the Great Square of autumn season.

There's a bright star in the nose area of Pegasus, in front of which is a cluster of stars grouped together, known as a star cluster. It's the Pegasus Globular Cluster m15, which can't be seen with the naked eye, due to being composed of over 100,000 stars.

Perseus manages to defeat the monster whale who attempted to eat Princess Andromeda, by showing it the face of Medusa he had defeated, which caused the whale to turn to stone.

If you look closely at the constellation Perseus, you will find Medusa's head on one side. Do you notice there's one bright star exactly where Medusa's eye should be? Its brightness changes, which is why the ancient people called it Algol, also referred to as the Demon Star.

After saving Princess Andromeda, Perseus brought her back to the Ethiopian kingdom. Grateful to Perseus for saving her daughter, Queen Cassiopeia gave him numerous jewels.

The image of these jewels is the Perseus Double Cluster.

In the Perseus constellation, there's something called the Perseus Galaxy Cluster. About 240 million light years away, the center of this galaxy cluster is thought to contain a massive black hole. The Chandra X-ray Telescope detected waves in this area. Around this galaxy cluster, there is a lot of interstellar gas. Scientists have converted the waves that were generated as the pressure waves from the black hole passed through this gas layer into a sound that people can hear. Now let's listen to the sound of the black hole for a moment.

Doesn't it sound like the groan of the monster whale as it turns to stone, after looking at Medusa's face?

We have just discussed the constellations of autumn. While they weren't mentioned in the story, if you look towards the southern direction, there is a very bright star. This is Fomalhaut in the Southern Fish constellation. Actually, it is the brightest star one can see in the autumn season. Unfortunately, because it is at a low altitude, it is difficult to see from the city.

Located west of the Southern Fish constellation, the constellation Capricorn is commonly depicted as a sea-goat. According to mythology, during a feast held by the gods by the riverside, the monster Typhon suddenly appeared. In a hurry to escape, the shepherd's god Pan, inadvertently invoked a spell that transformed his upper body into a goat and his lower bodies into a fish. This is the origin of the deity Pan, who was revered by the reeds nymph Syrinx and crafted a flute from the reeds, hence being called Syrinx. Pan boasted that the sound of Syrinx's flute was superior to Apollo's lyre. In response, Apollo proposed a formal music competition. Many gods and people gathered on Mount Olympus, where they judged Apollo's lyre to be superior. However, King Midas, known for his golden touch, was the only one to declare that Pan's Syrinx sounded better. In response to this playful insult, Apollo grabbed Midas's ears and stretched them, claiming that to appreciate music, one must have large ears. Thus, this story explains the origin of the phrase "the ears of the king are like those of a donkey."

In addition to constellation stories, fall season has long been known for methods used to find directions. The best way to find directions in the sky is to locate the North Star. During fall and winter, the constellation Cassiopeia is commonly used to find the North Star.

Let's use Cassiopeia to find the North Star now.

The North Star is positioned behind you and thus difficult to see, so let's momentarily switch our North-South directions.

Among the five stars of Cassiopeia, 

if you extend two stars Caph and Sader backwards,

and likewise extend Segin and Ruchbah backwards,

the two extensions would intersect at one point.

If you measure the same distance from this point to the middle star, Shy,

and extend it five times, you find the North Star twinkling at the end of Ursa Minor's tail.

Having located the North Star, now let's find the directions in the night sky. The direction, where the North Star lies straight below, is North. And opposite of it would be South. With the North Star right in front of you, the right will be East and the left will be West.

As the stars twinkling in the night sky, which tell the story of the universe, begin to fade, the curtain of night starts to fall.
