The universe began from a massive explosion known as the Big Bang. The Big Bang or the Great Explosion is thought to have occurred about 13.7 billion years ago, and since then, the universe has continued to expand, resulting in the creation of many galaxies. Thousands of billions of galaxies exist in the universe, and our galaxy consists of 200 billion stars. One of those stars is the Sun, and Earth is a small planet orbiting this star.

Since the Earth rotates, cities with similar latitudes can see similar night skies. Seoul is located at a latitude of 37 degrees north. Cities such as Lisbon, Madrid, Athens, Beijing, California, and Washington DC are situated at similar latitudes, so you can see a night sky similar to that of Seoul from these places.

In the sky, only the bright Sun is visible. But, in fact, there are stars in the sky as well. Many people think they cannot see the stars due to the bright sunlight. The truth is, we cannot see the stars because the Sun's light disperses and scatters in the Earth's atmosphere.

Let's make the atmosphere disappear for a moment. Can you see the stars in the sky? Even during the day, stars are in the sky, they are merely invisible. 

Another day is nearing its end. The Sun quietly sets beyond the west, creating a beautiful dusk. Gradually, the sky begins to fill with various beautiful stars. Now it seems like numerous stars scattered like powdered silver adorn the sky.

Long white streams stretching North to South are galaxies, which we call the Milky Way. Due to so many stars, billions of them being far away, it appears like a milky river. 

In the West, they call it the Milky Way as it was believed that the milk spilled by the goddess Hera, while feeding Hercules, created the Milky Way. Our ancestors referred to it as Mirinae, meaning a river where heavenly dragons live.  

Deep inside the Milky Way, five stars form a large cross; this is the Cygnus constellation, also known as the North Cross.

Deneb, the alpha star of the Swan constellation, takes its place at the rear of the swan, which means tail. The star corresponding to the beak is called Albireo, which is not just one star but a binary star.

Especially near Algiers, there is a remnant of a supernova, a dead star, known as Veil Nebula. Unfortunately, it cannot be seen with the naked eye.

In the west side of the Milky Way, there's one particularly bright star visible.

This star is Vega, the alpha star of the constellation Lyra.

Located beneath the parallelogram are two stars, between which lies the nebula of the dead star, often referred to as Nebula of the Barley.

And to the east of Vega, shining brightly, is Altair, the alpha star of the constellation Aquila.

What shape do you get when you connect Vega of Lyra, Altair of Aquila, and Deneb of Cygnus? A quite large triangle.

We call this the Summer Triangle.

On the southern side of the Milky Way, the constellation stretched out in the shape of S is Scorpius.

The Scorpion is an insect that lives in the desert and carries a frightening poison. It is the same Scorpion that was trying to kill Orion on Hera's command.

The red alpha star of Scorpius, the Antares, is a supergiant, known as the great fire.

The name Antares, which means enemy of Mars in Arabic, stands in contrast to the red Mars.

In 2018, NASA's InSight spacecraft successfully recorded the sound of wind on Mars on December 1st, after landing on Mars on November 26th.

This sound of Mars' wind is played at about 100 times the original speed. Only then does it become audible to human ears as the sound of wind.

In Scorpius, there is also the rope by which the sister ascends to the heaven in the well-known Korean folk tale ‘I won’t eat you if you give me one ricecake.' When the tiger climbs up the rope to eat the sister, the wind blows and the rope sways in an S shape.  The red flame of Antares burns the rope, and the Tiger falls and dies in the millet field. When the stalk of millet is broken, it looks red inside because it is stained with the tiger's blood.

Next is Sagittarius, a strange creature with a human's upper body and a horse's lower body, and it seems to be shooting an arrow. It appears to be aiming at the heart of the Scorpion.

Especially here, the six stars resemble the Big Dipper and hence, were called the Southern Dipper.

The Southern Dipper symbolizes a measure for grain, and in Korea, it was called Dusu.

And the center of our galaxy is near this constellation. At the center of our galaxy, there’s a black hole.

In the tail of Scorpius, you can see two faint star clusters. From here to the vicinity of the tail of Aquila, there are numerous star clusters and nebulae.

First up is the Butterfly Cluster, also known as M6.

Next is M7.

Then comes the Lagoon Nebula, which appears like a coral reef.

Next to it is the Trifid Nebula, made up of the blue reflection nebula, the red emission nebula, and the black dark nebula. 

Up a bit more is the Omega Nebula and

The Eagle Nebula, known by the name "Pillars of Creation", captured by the Hubble Space Telescope and James Webb Space Telescope.

And, there’s the Wild Duck Cluster, an open star cluster in Scutum, near the tail of Aquila.

In the summer night sky, the Milky Way shines long from North to South, so it can be said to be the most glorious night sky among the four seasons' night skies.

The Big Dipper, in particular, helps find the direction in the night sky, aiding to find the North Star. It is useful to find the direction during spring and summer.

As the North Star is positioned behind your head and can be difficult to see, let's change the direction of North and South for a moment. 

An easy way to find the North Star is

to find two of the four stars forming the cup of the Big Dipper,

Merak and Dubhe

By extending five times the distance of the two stars in the direction of the cup's opening

You can find the North Star, shining at the tail of the Little Dipper.

Having found the North Star, let's now find the directions in the night sky.

The direction directly beneath the North Star becomes North. The opposite side would be South. When facing the North Star, the right side becomes East, and the left side becomes West.

As the many stars that have been narrating the sparkling stories of the universe begin to hide their traces, the curtain of the night stage falls.